REPROVE — FINAL 2:45 DEMO SCRIPT

Record at a calm pace. Do not read headings or bracketed directions aloud.

PRE-RECORD SETUP (not spoken)
1. In Terminal, run: python -m pip install -e '.[dev]'
2. Run the complete seeded flow once:
   python -m reprove.cli verify-fix --repo examples/seeded-repo --claim "Exports at exactly 100 records are rejected" --test tests/test_export_limit.py --command "python -m pytest tests/test_export_limit.py" --nearby "python -m pytest tests" --change examples/seeded-repo/fix.json --issue 42
3. Start the dashboard: reprove-api
4. Open http://127.0.0.1:8000 and keep the Mission control view ready.
5. Open these in separate tabs or editor panes beforehand:
   - examples/seeded-repo/.reprove/issue-42/evidence.json
   - reports/public-issue-replay-pilot.json
6. Zoom the browser to 90–100%. Turn off notifications. Do not use the offline DEMO fallback in the recording.

00:00–00:15 — MISSION CONTROL
SHOW: Dashboard Mission control. Keep the measured public-proof banner visible.
SAY: “Every coding agent can write a plausible patch. Reprove answers the more important question: can we prove the patch is right? Our rule is simple: no fix without a failing test.”

00:15–00:35 — THE PRODUCT IDEA
SHOW: Point to the Non-negotiable gates card. Hover over Gold-patch control, Proof before patch, and Tests stay immutable.
SAY: “Reprove is a verification-first maintenance layer for coding agents. Before a patch can count, it must reproduce the reported behavior, preserve the test boundary, pass again after the fix, survive a mutation check, and keep nearby tests green. If the evidence is weak, Reprove returns an explicit refusal instead of a confident guess.”

00:35–01:05 — LIVE SEEDED FLOW
SHOW: Switch to Terminal. Show the completed output from the seeded verify-fix command; scroll only through the fail-on-main, pass-after-fix, mutation, and blast-radius lines. Then open evidence.json in the editor.
SAY: “Here is the local end-to-end flow. The claim is that exports at exactly one hundred records are rejected. Reprove runs a native pytest regression test five times against the baseline, and it fails five out of five times. It applies only a source-file change, then runs the same test five times again. It passes five out of five. Finally, it mutates the changed behavior back to the broken version, and the evidence catches that mutation while neighboring tests remain green.”

01:05–01:25 — DURABLE PROOF, NOT A CHAT RESPONSE
SHOW: Keep evidence.json open; highlight the verdict, gate names, and confidence. Briefly show issue-comment.md if it is already open.
SAY: “The output is not just a chat response. Reprove stores a redacted, replayable evidence bundle with the command, environment, gate results, and an objective confidence score. It can also prepare issue and pull-request text, but a human still controls any publication or merge.”

01:25–01:48 — REAL PUBLIC EVALUATION
SHOW: Return to the dashboard. Click Evaluation and keep the measured report and N=1 label on screen. Optionally show reports/public-issue-replay-pilot.json for two seconds.
SAY: “We also tested the evidence contract on a real upstream issue: pytest issue eleven-seven-zero-six. On the pinned buggy revision, the accepted regression scenario failed three out of three times. On the accepted upstream fix, it passed. That is one hundred percent reproduction, gold-patch validity, determinism, and source integrity at N equals one.”

01:48–02:00 — EVALUATION HONESTY
SHOW: Point to the N=1 label and the SWE-bench readiness line.
SAY: “That is a measured pilot, not a generalized benchmark claim. The dashboard shows the sample size beside every rate, and SWE-bench remains explicitly unscored until we run the official evaluator.”

02:00–02:25 — CODEX AND GPT-5.6
SHOW: Return to Mission control or show README’s “Built with Codex and GPT-5.6” section.
SAY: “I used OpenAI Codex with GPT-5.6 as my development collaborator. It helped me turn the product idea into a working FastAPI control plane, design and refine this evidence cockpit, strengthen the tests, and improve the evaluation and documentation. But it is not a magic trust button.”

02:25–02:42 — TRUST BOUNDARY
SHOW: Return to the Non-negotiable gates card; pause on Tests stay immutable and Human holds the merge.
SAY: “Codex and GPT-5.6 supported the build process. In the product, any model proposal is treated as untrusted input. Deterministic execution, immutable tests, mutation checks, and human review are what decide whether a result becomes evidence.”

02:42–02:55 — CLOSE
SHOW: Full Mission control screen, with the public-proof banner visible.
SAY: “Reprove is not another code generator. It is the evidence layer for AI-written maintenance: prove the failure, verify the fix, and make uncertainty visible.”

EXPECTED SPOKEN TIME: about 2 minutes 50 seconds at a natural pace.
